Let's discuss what the columns mean here
in section B.
And so the purchase price of course
is what you bought the stock at, so for Apple,
let's say that we bought it recently at, I don't know, $165,
okay, and the last price on Apple is 175,
so let's just enter it here, and remember,
this is a white column,
so you're allowed to enter data into it.
165.
Great.
Okay, good.
Then, this is the last price it traded at,
this is how much you are up or down on the stock, right?
And so that's actually, we're up 6% since we bought it.
That's $10 divided by 165 is 6%.
You can always double-click and see how
I calculated that logic.
Okay, X out of there.
This is where you enter in the date, okay,
where you bought it.
So let's pretend I bought it two days ago.
Let's say that's, or three days ago,
let's go the 21st of December.
So it's gonna be one, two, 21, 2017.
And I apologize for Europeans and Canadians
that do the day first.
Just do month first please here, okay.
Okay, now here,
have we owned the stock for more than a year?
No, we just owned it for three days,
and the reason that I have that calculation there
because if you own for less than a year and you sell it,
then if it's not in a tax-free or tax-sheltered account,
you pay taxes.
You pay higher taxes I should say on stuff that you sell
in less than year, and this is not valid in all countries
but most it is because what happens is the governments
tries to incentivize you to be a longer-term shareholder,
right, because they know that longer-term investors
do better, okay?
So anyway, that's calculated there,
and even if your government does not have that tax benefit
of holding something longer term and paying less tax,
I still want you to own it for than a year
and look at this closely unless something changes
with the stock.
Okay, moving on.
This is the number of shares you own.
So let's say that we bought 10 shares of Apple
at 165 bucks each, okay?
And so that means we own $1,750 worth of Apple, right,
and since Apple's gone up 10 bucks since we bought it,
we've made 100 bucks so far on it, okay?
And that would be negative if the stock was down
when we bought it, okay?
And this is just on a daily basis how much money
you've made or not.
Don't pay too much attention to that
because that's just one day
and I want you to be long-term focused.
And so that's it for section B.
If you have any questions, please let me know,
and in the next lesson, we're gonna talk about section C,
which is managing risk, which is called risk management.
Thanks.